addons/website_blog/README.md, before:

Odoo Blogs
----------

Write, Design, Promote and Engage with <a href="https://www.odoo.com/page/blog-engine">Odoo Blogs</a>.

Express yourself with the Odoo enterprise grade blogging platform. Write
beautiful blog posts, engage with visitors, translate content and moderate
social streams.

Get your blog posts efficiently referenced in Google and translated in mutiple
languages in just a few clicks.

Write Beautiful Blog Posts
--------------------------

Drag & Drop well designed *'Building Blocks'* to create beautifull blog posts
that perfectly integrates images, videos, call-to-actions, quotes, banners,
etc.

With our unique *'edit inline'* approach, you don't need to be a designer to
create awsome, good-looking, content. Each blog post will look like it's
designed by a professional designer.

Automated Translation by Professionals
--------------------------------------

Get your blog posts translated in multiple languages with no effort. Our
translation "on demand" feature allows you to benefit from professional
translators to translate all your changes automatically. (\$0.05 per word)
Translated versions are updated automatically once translated by professionals
(around 32 hours).

Engage With Your Visitors
-------------------------

The integrated website live chat feature allows you to start chatting in real time with
your visitors to get feedback on your recent posts or get ideas to write new
posts.

Engaging with your visitors is also a great way to convert visitors into
customers.

Build Visitor Loyalty
---------------------

The one click *follow* button will allow visitors to receive your blog posts by
email with no effort, without having to register. Social media icons allow
visitors to share your best blog posts easily.

Google Analytics Integration
----------------------------

Get a clear visibility of your sales funnel. Odoo's Google Analytics trackers
are configured by default to track all kinds of events related to shopping
carts, call-to-actions, etc.

As Odoo marketing tools (mass mailing, campaigns, etc) are also linked with
Google Analytics, you get a 360° view of your business.

SEO Optimized Blog Posts
------------------------

SEO tools are ready to use, with no configuration required. Odoo suggests
keywords for your titles according to Google's most searched terms, Google
Analytics tracks interests of your visitors, sitemaps are created automatically
for quick Google indexing, etc.

The system even creates structured content automatically to promote your
products and events effectively in Google.

Designer-Friendly Themes
------------------------

Themes are awesome and easy to design. You don't need to develop to create new
pages, themes or building blocks. We use a clean HTML structure, a
[bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/) CSS and our modularity allows you to
distribute your themes easily.

The building block approach allows the website to remain clean after end-users
start creating new contents.

Easy Access Rights
------------------

Not everyone requires the same access to your website. Designers manage the
layout of the site, editors approve content and authors write that content.
This lets you organize your publishing process according to your needs.

Other access rights are related to business objects (products, people, events,
etc) and directly following Odoo's standard access rights management, so you do
not have to configure things twice.

Commit message:

Debrand odoo - replace with neoziv
images need to be replaced also

addons/website_blog/README.md, after:

neoziv Blogs
----------

Write, Design, Promote and Engage with <a href="https://www.neoziv.com/page/blog-engine">neoziv Blogs</a>.

Express yourself with the neoziv enterprise grade blogging platform. Write
beautiful blog posts, engage with visitors, translate content and moderate
social streams.

Get your blog posts efficiently referenced in Google and translated in mutiple
languages in just a few clicks.

Write Beautiful Blog Posts
--------------------------

Drag & Drop well designed *'Building Blocks'* to create beautifull blog posts
that perfectly integrates images, videos, call-to-actions, quotes, banners,
etc.

With our unique *'edit inline'* approach, you don't need to be a designer to
create awsome, good-looking, content. Each blog post will look like it's
designed by a professional designer.

Automated Translation by Professionals
--------------------------------------

Get your blog posts translated in multiple languages with no effort. Our
translation "on demand" feature allows you to benefit from professional
translators to translate all your changes automatically. (\$0.05 per word)
Translated versions are updated automatically once translated by professionals
(around 32 hours).

Engage With Your Visitors
-------------------------

The integrated website live chat feature allows you to start chatting in real time with
your visitors to get feedback on your recent posts or get ideas to write new
posts.

Engaging with your visitors is also a great way to convert visitors into
customers.

Build Visitor Loyalty
---------------------

The one click *follow* button will allow visitors to receive your blog posts by
email with no effort, without having to register. Social media icons allow
visitors to share your best blog posts easily.

Google Analytics Integration
----------------------------

Get a clear visibility of your sales funnel. neoziv's Google Analytics trackers
are configured by default to track all kinds of events related to shopping
carts, call-to-actions, etc.

As neoziv marketing tools (mass mailing, campaigns, etc) are also linked with
Google Analytics, you get a 360° view of your business.

SEO Optimized Blog Posts
------------------------

SEO tools are ready to use, with no configuration required. neoziv suggests
keywords for your titles according to Google's most searched terms, Google
Analytics tracks interests of your visitors, sitemaps are created automatically
for quick Google indexing, etc.

The system even creates structured content automatically to promote your
products and events effectively in Google.

Designer-Friendly Themes
------------------------

Themes are awesome and easy to design. You don't need to develop to create new
pages, themes or building blocks. We use a clean HTML structure, a
[bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/) CSS and our modularity allows you to
distribute your themes easily.

The building block approach allows the website to remain clean after end-users
start creating new contents.

Easy Access Rights
------------------

Not everyone requires the same access to your website. Designers manage the
layout of the site, editors approve content and authors write that content.
This lets you organize your publishing process according to your needs.

Other access rights are related to business objects (products, people, events,
etc) and directly following neoziv's standard access rights management, so you do
not have to configure things twice.
