addons/account/README.md, before:

Odoo Accounting
---------------

The Odoo <a href="https://www.odoo.com/page/accounting">Open Source Accounting</a> app allows a better way to
collaborate with your accountants, your customers and control your suppliers.

Activate features on demand, from integrated analytic accounting to budget,
assets and multiple companies consolidation.

A Smart User Interface
----------------------

Record transactions in a few clicks and easily manage all financial activities
in one place. Odoo's user interface is designed with productivity in mind.

A Better Way To Work – Together
-------------------------------

Share access to your latest business numbers with your team and your accountant
– so everyone is up to speed. From work, home or on the go.

Connect Your Bank Accounts
--------------------------

Import your bank statements and reconcile them in just a few clicks. Prepare
payment orders based on your supplier invoices and payment terms.

Electronic invoicing and automated follow-ups
---------------------------------------------

Create and send professional invoices & get paid online. Get rid of the stress
of having to constantly remind your debtors. Simply set-up and automate
follow-ups to get paid quickly.

Sales Integration
-----------------

Automatically create invoices from sales orders, delivery orders or base them
on time and material. Re-invoice expenses on projects to your customer in just
a few clicks.


Purchase Integration
--------------------

Control supplier invocies based on purchase orders. Get real-time inventory
valuation reports automatically posted in your accounts.

Multi-Level Analytic Accounting
-------------------------------

Integrate your analytic accounting operations with timesheets, projects,
invoices, expenses, etc. No need to record transactions, all analytic entries
are posted automatically following your business rules.

Everything you need to grow
---------------------------

Manage your assets, track expenses, control budgets, multi-level analytic
accounting; Odoo has all the features you need to sustain all your business
activities.

Scale With Your Organization
----------------------------

Odoo supports multiple currencies, multiple users with different access rights,
multiple companies with real time consolidation and unlimited analytic plans.

Commit message:

Debrand odoo - replace with neoziv
images need to be replaced also

addons/account/README.md, after:

neoziv Accounting
---------------

The neoziv <a href="https://www.neoziv.com/page/accounting">Open Source Accounting</a> app allows a better way to
collaborate with your accountants, your customers and control your suppliers.

Activate features on demand, from integrated analytic accounting to budget,
assets and multiple companies consolidation.

A Smart User Interface
----------------------

Record transactions in a few clicks and easily manage all financial activities
in one place. neoziv's user interface is designed with productivity in mind.

A Better Way To Work – Together
-------------------------------

Share access to your latest business numbers with your team and your accountant
– so everyone is up to speed. From work, home or on the go.

Connect Your Bank Accounts
--------------------------

Import your bank statements and reconcile them in just a few clicks. Prepare
payment orders based on your supplier invoices and payment terms.

Electronic invoicing and automated follow-ups
---------------------------------------------

Create and send professional invoices & get paid online. Get rid of the stress
of having to constantly remind your debtors. Simply set-up and automate
follow-ups to get paid quickly.

Sales Integration
-----------------

Automatically create invoices from sales orders, delivery orders or base them
on time and material. Re-invoice expenses on projects to your customer in just
a few clicks.


Purchase Integration
--------------------

Control supplier invocies based on purchase orders. Get real-time inventory
valuation reports automatically posted in your accounts.

Multi-Level Analytic Accounting
-------------------------------

Integrate your analytic accounting operations with timesheets, projects,
invoices, expenses, etc. No need to record transactions, all analytic entries
are posted automatically following your business rules.

Everything you need to grow
---------------------------

Manage your assets, track expenses, control budgets, multi-level analytic
accounting; neoziv has all the features you need to sustain all your business
activities.

Scale With Your Organization
----------------------------

neoziv supports multiple currencies, multiple users with different access rights,
multiple companies with real time consolidation and unlimited analytic plans.
